He has been anonymous for years.
I just want to live the lives of ordinary people.
I didn't expect you because you have no family background.
It's hard to walk in court
I'm not thinking well.
In that case.
I'm going to take you directly to the clouds today.
Step up to the clouds
The good times have come.
Van Hieu visited his parents-in-law
Mom and Dad
Congratulations.
Master Li is so lucky.
The family has a prominent position.
Married to the only daughter of the family.
The future of Prince Li can definitely fly straight to the achievement of a great career.
Master Chu wrongly praised
Yesterday, Her Royal Highness officially announced her return to the Kingdom.
I will attend the family's wedding today.
Congratulations to Mr. Lee and Ms. To.
Even Your Majesty is terrified.
Such glory is rare.
Princess Phoenix is coming.
Please wait here a moment.
So as not to lose the ceremony.
Please.
Hahaha, that's right hahaha
Someone called him an hour.
He really answered.
A muddy foot from the remote countryside
If you don't have to hug my house
My whole life is a slave.
Come on.
Coming from almost
You just have to be nice to the bird.
Wow.
If it wasn't for the sake of the bird.
I will not accept this marriage.
Well, father-in-law, mother-in-law.
In a minute.
Let the son-in-law go out to the chief princess first.
You two.
Let's get some rest with Jen Nhi first.
So as not to get tired.
How noble is the Lord Princess?
You are an airliner that is worthy of flying the Phoenix.
Stay here and be honest with me.
Take good care of the guests.
If you lose my face.
I want you to look good.
Van Hieu
You don't have to serve anyone.